Upon examining the provided smart contract, below are the potential vulnerabilities that I found:

1. Reentrancy: The function `execute` in `Owned` contract can be exploited with reentrancy attack as it allows arbitrary calls to other contracts or addresses. The contract does not employ mechanisms such as checks-effects-interactions pattern or reentrancy guard to prevent such an attack.

2. Access Control: The contract is vulnerable to an access control issue where an arbitrary address can accept ownership if the owner mistakenly calls `changeOwner` with the wrong address.

3. Arithmetic Issues: There doesn't seem to be an arithmetic issue in this contract as it does not perform any arithmetic operations like addition or subtraction.

4. Unchecked Return Values For Low Level Calls: The `execute` function in the `Owned` contract makes a low-level call without checking its return value. This could lead to silent failures.

5. Denial of Service: The contract does not seem to be vulnerable to the denial of service attack as it does not rely on loops or have functions that could potentially lock the contract.

6. Bad Randomness: The contract does not seem to be vulnerable to the bad randomness attack as it does not rely on block variables for randomness.

7. Front-Running: There doesn't seem to be a front-running issue as the contract does not have functions that are vulnerable to transaction order dependence.

8. Time manipulation: The contract uses `now` keyword (alias for `block.timestamp`) in `writeIndex` function which could be manipulated by miners to some extent, however, it doesn't seem to be a significant issue in this particular contract context.

9. Short Address Attack: The contract does not seem to be vulnerable to this attack as it does not handle raw transfer of tokens.

Please note that it's recommended to use higher level calls such as `transfer` instead of lower level calls such as `call.value` to prevent reentrancy attacks. It's also recommended to use the Ownable contract from OpenZeppelin library for secure and standardized ownership control.